Update SAML 2.0 docs with Azure instructions (#807)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-enterprise/setting-up-sso-with-saml-2.0.md

8. Click the application you just created and follow the instructions for configuring it in [Configuring SAML endpoints in AD](#configuring-saml-endpoints-in-ad). 
9. Select **Single sign-on** under Manage in the left navigation.
10. Click **Set up single sign on** under Getting Started.
11. Click **SAML** in "Select a single sign-on method" section.
12. Click **Edit** in the Basic SAML Configuration section.
13. Use the following table to complete the required fields and connect to dbt:

   | Field | Value |
   | ----- | ----- |
   | **Identifier (Entity ID)** | Base URL for dbt Cloud. Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/` for a single tenant instance. |
   | **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** | Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/complete/saml` for a single tenant instance. |
   | **Relay State** | The slug you will configure in dbt Cloud. It's usually your company name, but you can pick anything you'd like. |
14. Click **Save** at the top of the form.

#### Creating SAML Attributes in AD

From the Set up Single Sign-On with SAML page:

> 1. Click *Edit* in the User Attributes & Claims section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Edit** in the User Attributes & Claims section.
```

14. Click **Save** at the top of the form.

#### Creating SAML Attributes in AD

From the Set up Single Sign-On with SAML page:

1. Click *Edit* in the User Attributes & Claims section.
2. Leave the claim under "Required claim" as is.
3. Delete all claims under "Additional claims."
4. Click **Add new claim** and add these three new claims:

   | Name | Source attribute |
   | ----- | ----- |
   | **email** | user.mail |
   | **first_name** | user.givenname |
   | **last_name** | user.surname |

5. Click **Add a group claim** from User Attributes and Claims.
6. If you'll assign users directly to the enterprise application, select **Security Groups**. If not, select **Groups assigned to the application**.
7. Set **Source attribute** to **Group ID**.
8. Under **Advanced options**, check **Customize the name of the group claim** and specify **Name** to **groups**.

**Note:** Keep in mind that the Group ID in Azure AD maps to that group's GUID. It should be specified in lowercase for the mappings to work as expected. The Source Attribute field alternatively can be set to a different value of your preference.

> ### Finish setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> After creating the Azure application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. After creating the Azure application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)
```

After creating the Okta application, follow the instructions in the [dbt Cloud Setup](#dbt-cloud-setup)
section to complete the integration.

## Azure integration

_Use this section if you are configuring Azure AD as your identity provider_.

### Create Azure AD Enterprise Application

> First, log into your Azure account. Follow the steps below to set up single sign-on with dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to set up single sign-on (SSO) with dbt Cloud:
```

> - In the Azure AD portal, choose **Enterprise applications** and create a new application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into your Azure account. 
2. In the Azure AD portal, select **Enterprise applications** and click **+ New application**.
```

> - Select **Create your own application**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Create your own application**.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Name the application **dbt Cloud** or some other descriptive name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Name the application "dbt Cloud" or another descriptive name.
```

> - Select the **Non-gallery** option for application type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select **Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery (Non-gallery)** as the application type.
```

> - When the application is done being created, find it in the **Enterprise applications > All applications** view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Create**.
7. You can find the new application by clicking **Enterprise applications** and selecting **All applications**.
```

> - Click the application to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click the application you just created and follow the instructions for configuring it in [Configuring SAML endpoints in AD](#configuring-saml-endpoints-in-ad). 
```

> ### Configurating SAML Endpoints in AD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring SAML endpoints in AD
```

> - Navigate to **Single sign-on > Set up single sign on**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Single sign-on** in the left navigation and click **Set up single sign on**.
```

> - Under **Select a single sign-on method**, choose **SAML**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **SAML** in "Select a single sign-on method" section.
```

> - Edit the **Basic SAML Configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Edit** in "Basic SAML Configuration." 
4. Use the following table to help you fill out the key fields required to connect to dbt:
```

> | Field | Value |

Reviewer: @BrJan can you indent the entire table so it's inline with the text of step 4?

| ----- | ----- |

> | **Identifier (Entity ID)** | This is the base URL for dbt Cloud (https://cloud.getdbt.com/ or https://yourcompany.getdbt.com/ for a single tenant instance). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Identifier (Entity ID)** | Base URL for dbt Cloud. Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/` for a single tenant instance. |
```

> | **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** | https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml or https://yourcompany.getdbt.com/complete/saml for a single tenant instance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** | Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/complete/saml` for a single tenant instance. |
```

> | **Relay State** | This is the slug you will configure in dbt Cloud. It's usually your company name, but you can pick anything you'd like. |

Reviewer: Can we provide an example here?
```suggestion
| **Relay State** | The slug you will configure in dbt Cloud. It's usually your company name, but you can pick anything you'd like. |
```

> 

Reviewer: 5. Click **Save** at the top of the form.

> #### Creating SAML Attributes in AD

Reviewer: Can you add a little about why they should do this and how to get here? I couldn't find this in AD.

> - Edit the **User Attributes & Claims**.

Reviewer: Can you number the rest of the steps? It helps people remember where they're at and distinguished between optional unordered items, and actuals ordered steps if what you need to do to be successful.

Reviewer: Addressed in https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/807/commits/bbbf230a75a03c21624c9e3118ffce3b97dee844

6. Click **Create**.
7. You can find the new application by clicking **Enterprise applications** and selecting **All applications**.
8. Click the application you just created and follow the instructions for configuring it in [Configuring SAML endpoints in AD](#configuring-saml-endpoints-in-ad). 

### Configuring SAML endpoints in AD

- Navigate to **Single sign-on > Set up single sign on**.
2. Click **SAML** in "Select a single sign-on method" section.
3. Click **Edit** in "Basic SAML Configuration." 
4. Use the following table to help you fill out the key fields required to connect to dbt:

| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| **Identifier (Entity ID)** | Base URL for dbt Cloud. Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/` for a single tenant instance. |
| **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** | Use `https://cloud.getdbt.com/complete/saml` or `https://YOUR_COMPANY.getdbt.com/complete/saml` for a single tenant instance. |
| **Relay State** | The slug you will configure in dbt Cloud. It's usually your company name, but you can pick anything you'd like. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save** at the top of the form.
```
